Assignment: Module 5
Que.1 Why Django should be used for web-development? Explain how you can create a project in Django? 
Ans.1 Django is a framework. it is easy to understand and with the use of django it compeletes more than 50% code by itself. localhost:8000 is django code
	- it create database by itself that's why no need to learn mysql or any other database applications.
	- we can create django project by use python -m pip install django or pip install django command in CMD.
	- there are some command to create any project in django. commands are as below.
		1. python -m venv (environment name) = create virtual environment for your project.
		2. (environent name)\Scripts\activate = activate virtual environment.
		3. pip install django = install django in our project.
		4. django --version = check the version of django.
		5. django admin startproject (project name) = create your project.
		6. python manage.py createsuperuser = create admin.
		7. python manage.py makemigrations = for change in databse.
		8. python manage.py migrate = confirm change.
		9. python manage.py runserver = run the code in the server.

Que.2 How to check installed version of django? 
Ans.2 by use of 'django --version', we can check installed version of django.

Que.3 Explain what does django-admin.py make messages command is used for?
Ans.3 Runs over the entire source tree of the current directory and pulls out all strings marked for translation. It creates a message file in the locale directory.

Que.4 What is Django URLs?make program to create django url
Ans.4 Django app urls.py: First, a urls.py file needs to be created within the application. Each project in Django should maintain its own urls.py file for every application. 
This ensures effortless inclusion and exclusion of applications from the project.

Que.5 What is a QuerySet?Write program to create a new Post object in database?
Ans.5 A QuerySet is a collection of data from a database. A QuerySet is built up as a list of objects. QuerySets makes it easier to get the data you actually need, by 
allowing you to filter and order the data at an early stage.

Que.6 Mention what command line can be used to load data into Django?
Ans.6 o load data into Django you have to use the command line Django-admin.py loaddata. The command line will searches the data and loads the contents of the named 
fixtures into the database.